# info ops operators confirmation video (181s)

What up, legend? Congratulations. You are officially booked in on the calendar. Now I understand that you are busy.

I am busy. Everyone's busy. We are all trying to make money here and change your lives, and that takes time, obviously. However, there are a few things that I need you to do, and I mean genuinely need you to do before we hop on this call or else, unfortunately, I will have to cancel your call transparently.

And with that said, this is a multiple four figure investment. This is a real program. We get real results. This is not cheap.

This is not free by any means. This is a multiple four figure investment. So with that said, if you don't understand what it is that we offer, I do not want you investing blindly. I need you to understand 2AT exactly how we work, what we offer, who the coaches are, all this stuff.

So there's going to be a few steps that I need you to complete before we hop on the call. And again, if you guys don't do this, if we can tell that you haven't done this, we are going to cancel the call. Me and Jacob, my business partner, if you don't know who he is, check him out. He's my content everywhere.

Really cool guy. We are busy running a full coaching program, a full agency. We don't have time to waste, and so we are taking these calls right now out of our own time, our own day. If you're hopping on this call and you don't know exactly what the offer is, you haven't confirmed your call, all this stuff, we're not going to bother.

We're not going waste our time. We don't need your money.

So with that said, number one is going to be confirming your call. Go into your email. You should have gotten invites if you put in the right email to the call.

It's gonna say, I know the sender, like, yes or something like that. There's instructions below if you're on mobile or desktop. Go follow the picture below. Go ahead and do that.

If you do not accept it, we are canceling the call. We are not showing up because if you can't simply click two simple buttons, how are we supposed to scale you to thirty to fifty thousand dollars a month? This is not possible. Okay?

With that said, below that, there's going to be a few breakout videos. So licensing our systems, scaling existing clients, building your personal brand, meeting your coaches, and then hiring and placement once you're more advanced. So go ahead, go through those videos. If you put it on like one or one point five, two times speed, it should take like twenty, thirty minutes max or even fifteen or so.

So watch those because, again, me and Jacob are busy. We don't have time to spend an hour on a sales call and break down all your objections and explain the whole entire offer. Everything is literally in those videos. So to respect our time, to respect everything, watch them before the call.

And, again, we're going to be testing you guys on this call before we even do anything to make sure that you have watched these videos because if you haven't, we're not taking the call again.

With that said, there are some student testimonials below that. There's videos. You guys can see real results that our students got over thirty thousand dollars personal profit months. We have a ton of screenshots as well, just more proof of how good this program actually is.

So yeah, with that said, final thing I want to leave off on is I'm excited for you. This is again a multiple four figure investment. So if you somehow got on this calendar and you do not have multiple four figures that you are ready and willing to invest into yourself to change your life, then please, that is one hundred percent fine. We have a ton of free resources, but please let us know before the call so we do not waste our time.

But let's get it. I will see you guys on the call. Talk to you very soon. Peace out.