# info ops pillar 1 (553s)

Alright, fools. So there are five pillars which I'm going to explain in this video and the four videos next to this video or under this video. And these pillars are going give you guys a better understanding of what it's like working with us and what you can get if you do end up joining our program. Number one is licensing our systems.

What is this? Pillar one of what you are going to get when you work with us is licensing our entire systems. And I'm going break down exactly what this means for you and why this is genuinely the biggest time and headache saver you will get as a growth op, especially because no one gives this stuff away. I don't know why, but everyone's back end just sucks inside the info game.

It's so unsophisticated. Me myself, I am a systems guy, so I'll giving you guys all this good stuff down here. Most growth operators are stuck building everything from scratch. You're trying to figure out automations, these crazy big automations.

You're in go high level, lovable, all this stuff, trying to build funnels. You're creating SOPs while also trying to fill for your clients. And it's pretty fucking exhausting. But good thing for you, we have already done all of the heavy lifting in terms of all of these SOPs, backend systems, funnels, all this stuff.

So instead of you spending months figuring this shit out, you get it from literally day one so you can implement it as fast as possible. So for part one, back end systems. First, you're going to be getting our entire back end build out. This Airtable, which is genuinely cracked, tracking all funnel metrics for any funnel webinar, VSL funnels, DM funnels, everything.

You can see all your stats for show rate, no show rate, disqualification rate, total booked calls to total live calls, average order value, close rate, cash collected, revenue collected, by closer, by setter, by source, by specific YouTube video. I have a YouTube video going over this as well if you guys want to check it out on my channel. It's called How I Made one point five Million Dollars With This Tracking System, something like that, forget. But you can watch that, it goes more in-depth.

And then all the automations for all this as well, for make dot com, Zapier, you'll get payout tracking sheets, literally everything that you need on the back end. It's freaking cracked, everyone loves it, And it's already built for you, so I have SOPs on how to implement it. And you can even use our VAs or if we do hire a VA for you to implement it as well with the SOPs.

So this means that when you sign a new client and they need a funnel automation setup for whatever it is, you're not sitting there for six hours trying to build an Airtable base from scratch. You literally just duplicate ours, plug it into their offer, and you're done. Takes around two to three hours for your first time, not going to lie. It is a pretty big setup, but after that, it gets easier and easier, and you can also have your VA do it literally so you're not spending any time on it at all. So think about that. You just saved yourself monthsbecause this took me so long to build, I'm not going to liemonths of trial and error per client.

Typically hours if you just want to kind of like that, but that's time that you can now spend actually scaling their offer or signing another client instead of being stuck in the back end trying to connect fucking Zapier integrations, bro. No one wants be sitting back there doing all that shit. Part two, our front end SOPs. These are cracked as well.

This is more Jacob and Virgil's side of things, but these are our front end SOPs. This is anything that you need, anything and everything that you need to create on the front end including VSLs, VSL funnels, email marketing campaigns, DM setting scripts, even content wise. We have it all completely systematized. So for example, instead of guessing how to write a high converting VSL script, how to create DM scripts for setters to use, or DM voice note setting scripts for setters to use, or even just writing short form copy like emails and Instagram story sequences, you have step by step SOPs that show you exactly how we do it and how we leverage AI to speed up the process, all while still sounding authentic to the client's voice.

So not sounding robotic.

Email SOP, DM SOP, post call SOP, VSL SOP type form, Cali SOP.

Really cool. This means you're not wasting months studying the skill of copywriting. You're implementing what already works that we have proven with our client results. You get your clients faster results, which means you make money faster and you build case studies faster to assign more clients. It's a loop.

Part three: Sales process. You're also going get access to our sales processes, how to build out entire sales systems, literally everything.

When we sign a client, we have specific launches that we run. So like a seven day process for quick launches with the intention of having the client make their initial investment back of what they pay you upfront, ideally within the first two to three weeks. So a quick seven day launch. Or on the other hand, a twenty four day cohort launch for bigger rollouts.

And these are all proven launches.

This is not theory. We've actually used these specific strategies to generate our clients over three million dollars and it's all SOP ed out to tell you exactly what to do at each specific day at each specific time to get client results fast so you can stack case studies, sign your next clients, and keep on scaling predictably.

Since the processes are so clearly laid out for you, you'll have the confidence to sound like you have done this hundreds of times. So if you're newer in the space, you're talking to a client, you don't have as much conviction, Once you have these SOPs, you'll have so much conviction in yourself and it'll be easier to sign clients, which builds massive trust with clients and can easily lead to a snowball effect where the client sends a bunch of referrals your way because they just see how good you are at what you do and they can tell you know what you're doing.

Confidence, massive trust, referral heaven.

Part four: The Notion setup. And this is arguably one of the most important parts of this whole entire system because organization is key with these clients. You don't want stuff all over the place. So you're getting access to our entire Notion onboarding setup for our clients.

We have one of these for every single client. This is just the base. You can't see what's inside of all these pages over here, but it's a lot of stuff, which is really good. Here is what is crazy about this because most growth ops, when they sign a client, they're just texting on WhatsApp.

They're like, Oh, I'll just message them on WhatsApp and we'll figure it out. There's no clear onboarding process. Clients get skeptical. They start wanting to refund, whatever it is, because they just can tell you don't know what you're doing.

There's no structure, no organization, everything is chaotic.

Our Notion setup, however, on the other hand, is set up to where you literally have an entire organized client interface. They log in, you give them access, they see exactly what's happening with their business, what tasks are in progress, to do, not started, if they're done, what's completed, when launches are happening. You have all their information over here for everything, their timeline, what's being done, their onboarding information, all content pipelines, everything.

Now, what this does is it separates you from every other growth operator out there. We have literally, unfortunately for other people, fortunately for us, taken other people's clients because other people's onboarding processes have sucked. And they come to us, our process is insane, and they instantly feel comfortable.

Like I'm saying right now, your clients instantly feel like they're working with a real agency, not just some guys are winging it.

You don't need to waste time in onboarding calls explaining how you work. It's all in the Notion. It saves you hours every single week in communication and client management. Plus, it has a content creation section for clients too. So basically, you can schedule content inside of there. You can just see what's going on with each video, Instagram, YouTube, assets, Instagram stories, everything, so that everything is organized and nothing falls through the cracks.

Number five, Discord blueprint. We use this for ourselves, especially with the portfolio model. Having a lot of clients can get very messy and ugly, but if you do it right, it is the most beautiful thing ever. So we will basically give you our Discord setup in terms of how to set up channels, how to onboard clients and team members, how to set up automations for it for your booked calls, canceled calls, post call status, etcetera, and even how to create a Discord community for clients if you want.

This just provides less confusion. Quicker action because whenever you wake up, it's like you know where people are texting you. It's in the Discord. It's not all over the place, which gets you annoyed or whatever, and your team can actually scale way more predictably and faster.

So this is just pillar one, LOL. What this actually does for you is it saves you years or months most likely of trial and error, hundreds of thousands of dollars spent on courses and mentorships, millions of dollars in client results that we have gotten. You can do the same thing with these systems because this is exactly what we have used to get our clients those results. And this is all compressed into systems that you can use from literally day one of working with us.

You have access to everything right away.

This means you're not building your agency while trying to figure out basic operations. You're building your agency with proven infrastructure that already works, which is beautiful. You spend your time doing what actually makes you money, scaling clients and designing new ones. You're not being stuck in the weeds trying to build systems that we have already perfected. So this is pillar one and we'll get into pillar two in the next video.