# info ops pillar 2 (250s)

pillar two is scaling your existing clients first. If you don't have clients, this probably does not really apply to you too much. You can still watch the end of this video to see what we're doing here for the people with clients. But basically, this is really good for you if you have clients because this is the fastest way to make your investment back.

Literally, in the first month working with us, maybe even less, I'm going show you exactly how this works.

Part one: The onboarding deep dive, which is very important.

As soon as you join our program, you are filling out an onboarding form. And I'm not talking about some basic what's your name and what's your goal bullshit. You are telling me about every single client that you have. This is the most in-depth onboarding form that you will ever fill out in your life if you have ever filled out an onboarding form.

We will figure out their name, their niche, their offer all through you, what's working, what's not working, where their bottleneck is, how much revenue they're doing per month. And the key part of all this is it's all over Loom, it's easier for you. You're talking instead of actually typing on, you know, having tired fingers and stuff. So before ever even jumping on your initial onboarding call, I already know everything about your business and your clients. I'm not coming in cold trying to figure out what you do and what's going on inside your business.

I already know the situation beforehand, and I've built out a whole entire game plan for you to showcase you on that call. So I'm giving you a custom game plan specific to your clients and your situation on exactly how to scale them and make them the most money possible to make you the most money possible. This isn't some basic ask call where I just tell you, I'll just run ads, bro. It's genuinely in-depth.

It's like this.

Your client is in this niche. This niche with this offer structure has this specific bottleneck, and here's the exact three things that you need to fix right now, and here's exactly how to do them in order, and here's how you're going do it, etc. It's very, very in-depth is what I'm trying to say. Part two is the cash injection strategy.

The goal here is basically figuring out how you can literally make your investment back in the first month with us just by skilling the clients that you already have, which is kind of what I talked about up here, but I'll go more in-depth right here. If you have three clients right now, I can almost guarantee that there's money that is being left on the table right now. Let's say you have three current clients, and let's say that you have a leaky funnel. Leaks everywhere in the funnel most of the time.

We want to tighten this funnel as fast as possible so that you can make more money. So, this is the goal. In the first few weeks, we do this all on the onboarding calls and everything. We're tightening everything inside the funnel, inside this bucket, so that there's no leaks and you make as much money as possible.

Here's a real example. Let's say you have a client at ten thousand dollars a month. Depression phase because this is not where we want be guys. Want to be way above this.

Your VSL has a twenty percent drop off rate at the first three minutes. We analyze that.

And what we can do is if we fix this VSL with copy that we teach you, we tighten that section and now drop off rate is eight percent. And now your client is at fifteen thousand dollars per month. So if you're on a twenty percent revenue share, that's an extra one thousand dollars per month for you. Let's say you have three clients, you just made an extra three thousand dollars per month just with one call and a few fixes.

With that said, part three: the execution framework that we use. We give you a game plan after figuring out your situation on that onboarding call. You execute upon it with all the steps that we literally give you. It's not just, Oh, do this.

It's literally exactly how to do it. You will probably have more questions along the way. Might get stuck. You ask those questions and you learn the solutions from us, and you execute again.

This is a whole entire ecosystem. It's a cycle. What this does for you is that it leaves you so you'll never be confused wondering what to do next. You'll know exactly the priority list of tasks that need to be done to scale your client or clients.

And if you get stuck, you have direct access to someone who's scaled clients to multiple six and seven figures to help you through it. It's none of this where you're sitting here sweating not knowing exactly what to do. If you just listen to us, you'll make money.

On top of that, your clients know what's happening too because we're also helping you create a ninety day roadmap for them as well so they can see exactly what's going on too. So that's the end of pillar two. Now we'll get into pillar number three.