# info ops pillar 3 (546s)

Welcome to pillar number three. Pillar three is all focused around building your growth operating personal brand. This is arguably one of the most important parts about being a growth op because if you cannot take on more clients and get a ten thousand dollars payment upfront, you have a problem inside of your business.

Why would you not be able to and why would you not want to take a ten thousand dollars payment upfront and not have to do any of the work to fulfill? It doesn't make sense to me. I'm going be showing you guys how to set your brand up in order to get ten thousand dollars payments upfront even more because that's what I've been able to do, that's what I preach, you guys know that, and it's amazing.

Let's get into it. This is where most people, growth ops, completely fuck up when they start posting content because they think that they should be making content like a coach. They're here making top five tips to increase your show rate videos, and then they wonder why no one is booking a call through their funnel or reaching out.

You are not selling an info product. You are selling a service, and it's different. So we have to angle our content so much differently. Okay?

Part one is authenticity and positioning. Every single other growth op looks the freaking same. And I know this guy looks the same as well, but he has lipo on top of his head, so he looks a little bit different. Okay?

But we wanna position you differently, just how I've been able to position myself differently to where people will come to me with no objections willing to pay me ten thousand dollars thirteen point five thousand dollars up front to work with me. It's insane. Right? So I'm gonna show you guys how to position yourself.

That's what I would teach you if you were to join. The first things that we do when you do join is figure out what's your actual story, what's your approach with this whole entire model and your life, what do you believe that is different, what are your values, what are your morals, All that stuff we figure out in the brand sheets. That way, we can help you craft authentic content because when you are authentic, you attract the right clients. Then we optimize your entire page: your Instagram, your bio, your pinned post, your highlights, everything.

Same thing for YouTube. When someone lands on your profile, they immediately understand who you are, what you do, and why they should care.

Part two: the content strategy. Coachinginfo product, it's like you're teaching concepts, you're nurturing with value, and you're sharing info, We do not want to do this. Instead, we are a service based business. We want to show results, show authenticity, and build trust.

I'm going give you guys an example.

Think about this: If your toilet were to break right now, you are going to call a plumber or you're you're gonna call someone to fix. Right? It's gonna be a plumber. Do you need to know everything about plumbing before you hire them?

Fuck no. Not at all. You just need to know that they can fix your shit, and they're not gonna scam you. Same thing with growth ops.

So here's the types of content that we will help you ideate to where people are coming to you and calling you without even knowing what it looks like to actually do the growth operating.

Number one is demo videos where you're showing what it's like to work with you. For example, in this video, I literally this is almost like a VSL. I showed exactly what it's like working with my agency, but I just positioned it in a way that actually got views and booked calls.

Number two is case study videos and interviews, which is just straight up results, so doing breakdowns of the results you got and also interviews with your clients as well, which absolutely prints. Number three is challenge videos. It's like, for thirty days, we're scaling this coaching offer to XYZ. It's like documenting their process. This is severely lacked inside the infospace right now. Every other niche documents everything, but for some reason, no one in the infospace does it. I'm going be helping you guys to do this because this is going to absolutely print as well, if you guys can do it with my advice.

Now, people who watch your content are shopping for growth ops. It's honestly insane. If you haven't started posting content yet, you would not understand this. But people literally come to me saying, Yo, I was looking at several different growth operating pages, but yours just looked the best, I went with you instead.

They are actively looking up growth operators, trying to find people. There are people trying to find you, and you're telling me that you don't want to make videos to be inside that pool that they look at and have the chance to be someone that they pay. That is the stupidest thing I've ever heard. They are looking for not even the best results.

They just want to see good results and not even the best person to work with but someone that they can resonate with as well. K? People wanna work with people that they like. So I'm gonna help you guys make these videos to, you know, help you guys get clients through your videos.

Right?

Pillar three or not pillar three. Well, yes, pillar three, but also part three, mapping out your first videos. We are not just throwing you into the deep end saying, just make content, bro. Like, just do this, bro.

Like, just look at my videos and just copy them. Fuck no. We are helping you map out your first videos, your first one to five videos actually in specific. I helped Oscar do this, for example.

His first video, one out of ten. As you can see, boys, the amount of sauce that Jonas Roerwick just dropped on I I had a call with him. Just dropped is wild. First YouTube video he helped me with is deadass one out of ten.

No glaze, but this motherfucker kinda good at this shit. Right? And this video actually went on to get decent views. It's at more now.

Fuck. I just moved, like, the gray thing. It's at more now. But he signed two clients through this.

A Webby client for three thousand dollars, four hundred and forty thousand followers on Instagram.

I think they ripped this webinar as well. And a one k setup fee, twenty percent rev on a client that is in an insane niche, they're absolutely bad to print as well, just reposting one video. I helped them with a hook. Or actually, I'll show you guys this in a second.

I'll I'll show you what I helped them out with. But, basically, within your first one to five videos, if you follow our framework, you should sign a client for mid four figures, which is, like, two to five thousand dollars upfront and revenue as well so you can scale them. Then you do the rinse and repeat method, which is insane, and it's basically to sign more clients. It's like an ecosystem.

You make a video. You sign a client through that video. You get that client results. You make a video about those results, and you sign a client through that video.

Then you get more results, more clients, more results, more clients. It's it's a flywheel. Right?

And so how do we help on Instagram and YouTube? I'll show you guys how to structure your videos. So, like, what hooks to use, what story to tell, what results to highlight. And on top of that, we're helping you with everything around these videos, your thumbnails, your editing style, how you speak on camera, how you title everything, what gear you need, etcetera, and even structuring the flow of idea from idea approved to ready to film and, like, what days you should post on as well, what times, and how to post your videos too.

Now part four, the ongoing support. I run a group call every single week specifically around content. You're bringing your video ideas, your thumbnails, your scripts. I'm reviewing it, giving feedback, showing you what works and what doesn't.

That way, you are constantly improving. The better the content quality, the higher the lead quality, and the more money you make. We are also going to be tracking everything with you. Using the licensing systems that you guys saw from pillar one, I'm gonna help you guys implement that for your own agency so we can figure out what videos perform well, which ones don't, what patterns we're seeing.

Yeah. So you're not just posting content randomly and, like, you know, not knowing what to post, which will make you money.

You are making data driven decisions about your content strategy. And we're helping you bring out your authenticity, not making you into some fake persona. I'll tell you this. I have made a lot of authentic style videos, and people absolutely love it. It is one of the biggest selling points when you can be authentic.

Yeah, we're not building a fake persona. We're pulling out what's already there and showing you how to communicate it effectively to some of our clients and make people resonate with you. Why this is so important? I want you guys to understand.

This is actually Jacob.

When Jacob was working with one client who kept cutting Jacob's percentage, he had no leverage. He had no other options. He needed that one client in order to make money, which is a bad position that you can put yourself in. You don't want to be in that position.

Why? Jake had never built a personal brand. He wasn't posting content. Nobody knew who he was.

So when that one client ended up screwing him and it was kind of cooked, he had nowhere to go. He went from ten thousand to twenty thousand dollars a month with one client to nothing just right away. You don't want to put yourself in that position. So once I started working with Jake and both of us started building our personal brands while posting the right types of content, clients started reaching out to us like this in the DMs and just paying eight thousand dollars ten thousand dollars thirty four thousand five hundred dollars upfront to work with us.

When you have a personal brand that brings you inbound clients, you are never desperate. You are never in that needy position. Instead, you have leverage, which is the most beautiful thing that you can have as a growth hub. You can charge what you're worth.

Whatever you want, bro. People are coming to you. You can be like, bro, fuck now. I'm not charging three k.

When you outreach, cool, but it's harder to charge upfront. When people come to you, you can literally charge whatever you want. It's insane.

You pick who you work with as well and you can build the business that you want instead of being at the mercy of whatever client you can scrape together. This is the end of pillar three, the concept pillar. Now we will get into pillar four.