# info ops pillar 4 (289s)

Welcome to pillar number four. In this pillar, I'm going be explaining exactly how you're going to get support from me, Jake, Virgil, and Preston. What this is is you're getting direct access to four plus people who are actively running agencies, actively scaling clients, and actively solving these same problems that you are dealing with. So me and Jake, Virgil and Preston.

Part one: Jake is going help you guys out with scaling and agency billing. His focus is client scaling and agency systems.

What does this actually mean for you? When you're stuck on how to scale a client's offer, you ask Jake. Me and Jake have scaled clients from literally zero to multiple six figures per month. We know what works at each stage and what doesn't. The benefit here is that you are not guessing. You are getting direct guidance from someone who has already done it.

For example, you come to Jake, ask him, Hey Jake, my client's ABR is one percent. How do I improve the settings system to book more calls? He'll tell you exactly what to look at and how to improve it. Or let's say you're asking, Jake, my client wants to launch a new offer.

How do we structure this? He'll show you the proven frameworks that we have used to do millions of dollars in client results so that you can use it for yourself as well. On top of that, he's helping you guys build your agency. So how you structure your team, copywriters, VAs, CSM, project managers, etcetera.

How to hire. How to onboard VAs and copywriters. How to manage fulfillment at scale. Now part two, which is me, content and personal branding.

So I will run a group call every single week specifically around content, weekly feedback from someone who's built a personal brand that brings in multiple clients per month and not just any clients, people that pay us five figures upfront without any questions whatsoever. I'm not trying to turn you into some fake persona. I'm pulling out what makes you different and helping you position yourself in the market as someone who is different to make more money and resonate with your audience. I'm also showing you how to communicate it in a way that resonates with your ideal clients.

The content improvement cycle looks like this. You better your content with my help. You get more visibility, more exposure, which means more leads, which means more clients, which means more freaking money for you, bro. Let's get it.

Alright. Now part three, Virgil. Copy fundamentals and placement. So Virgil, another coach, is going to help you with copy training and copywriter placement.

So Virgil, legend right here, runs group calls where he's breaking down copy for you.

He does copy reviews on a regular basis, so you're constantly getting better and your clients are getting better copy. He's also placing you with a pre trained copywriter from the best copywriting program in the info space that you can focus on strategy and scaling where your copywriter actually handles the execution part of things, okay, so you become higher leverage.

Virgil will help you understand your copy deeper, help you guide your copywriters better, review your client copy, and spot what's working and what's not working, what needs changing, and what needs to stay the same. Part four, Preston, outreach and client acquisition. Preston's focus is outreach and client acquisition, as I just said. He will run group calls where he's breaking down outreach conversations for you, outreach reviews on a regular basis so you're constantly getting better and can up your conversion rates in your in the in the DMs.

He's also creating you a customized outreach script and angle so that you're not left on in a huge ocean not knowing how to catch fish. Preston is literally giving you the best rod and the best bait in the info game so you can sign as many clients as possible. This kid I don't know how he does it, bro. He he's an outreach demon.

He assigned so many clients to DMs. He has some insane methods, so, this would be really good for you guys. Okay? Using his methods, just quick example, Jake was able to sign a six thousand dollar payment for us, just by setting a few DMs.

Okay?

Now part four, the group call structure. So you get a group call with Jake every single week going over everything scaling wise for offers. You get a group call with Virgil every week, which is copy breakdowns, copy reviews, answering your copy questions. You get a group call with Preston every week, DM breakdowns, outreach reviews, answering your outreach questions.

Q and A call with Jake and or me every single week where you just bring your questions and we solve problems in real time. And a group call with me every week focused on content strategy, video planning, and brand positioning. As you can see, it's not just Q and A calls every single day. We don't want to do that because you don't know what you don't know.

We're constantly bringing up new things to teach every single week, which is perfect for you. Right? We do have that that one q and a call, and you guys can also ask questions on these calls too. But there you go.

Part five, the one on one access. So you guys are actually getting one on one access to me, Jake, Preston, and Virgil as well. We have our calendars here so you guys can book in for one on one access to us. And, yeah, that is pillar number four.

Now we can get into pillar number five.