# info ops pillar 5 (271s)

Welcome to pillar number five, which is hiring and placement. Now this is where it gets fun. This is where we are literally building your team for you. Truthfully, you can't scale past thirty to fifty thousand dollars per month doing everything yourself.

You'll burn out. I've been there before. You're writing copy, building funnels, managing clients, making content. You are going to break, bro.

The only way to actually scale and build a real business is by having a team that handles fulfillment while you focus on the needle moving things that actually make you money: acquiring new clients and scaling your existing clients.

Part one: What We Hire For You This is the initial team structure, the beginning team structure. The first hires, it's you, your VA, and your copywriter. Your VA handles your backend build outs. When you sign a new client and they need an Airtable based setup, automation is built, funnel created, etc, they're to go ahead and do that.

And also continuous automations and fixes and all that stuff as well. The copywriter handles all the copy work: email sequences, VSL scripts, sales pages, copy, add a copy, etc. In the beginning and then also continuous as well. Here's why this is important.

Let's say you sign a client for four thousand dollars up front. You pay your VA one hundred and fifty bucks to handle all the back end work and set all up.

This saves you three to five hours of work initially, and then if you have her on retainer or whatever it is, you save so much brainpower and time throughout your weeks as well and days as well. And your copywriter as well. Can pay them ten percent of your upfront deal and also retainer if you want to, but your copywriter handles all the copy. And this saves you another ten to fifteen hours, I would say ten to fifteen honestly, depending on the project. I would say even per week depending on the writing.

Lot of time saved with the copywriter as well. What you do with those ten to fifteen hours or even more is you go sign another client, make content to bring inbound leads, or you focus on scaling your existing clients to make even more money.

Part two: You're getting pre trained and ready to go copywriters. Instead of hiring some random person off of Upwork, we actually have the copywriters that we place with you are pre trained. They're coming from Copy Elite, which is run by KJ Rainey, which is a program which is really freaking good. It's one of, if not the best, copywriting programs in the infospace.

I don't know if you guys know KJ, but he's the legend.

The same thing with VAs. We are building a community of VAs who are pre trained on our backend systems, the air table build training, the go high level training, the backend mastery, everything inside of the licensing systems that you had seen in pillar one because you're already trained on that.

Part three: The placement process.

How this works: We assess where you're at. If you're not quite ready, if you only have one client, maybe none at all, whatever it is, we'll wait until it makes sense. Once it does make sense, once you're ready to scale, we place you with an S tier VA and copywriter immediately. The benefit here is that you're not sifting through hundreds and hundreds of applications, spending all this time trying to find the right person.

Instead, we are literally you team members who are ready to work so you save a fuck ton of time and effort looking for that S tier talent.

Part four: scaling beyond the initial team. That VA and copywriter are just the starting point. That's what gets you from thirty thousand dollars to fifty thousand dollars per month.

But when you're ready to scale even beyond that, we will show you how to hire a full team for your agency, a content team, additional VAs, success managers, project managers, etc. We give you how to write job posts, how to interview onboard, how to manage employees. All of that is in the course Cracking Your Agency section inside of our course.

Part six, the Oscar example. Oscar is one of our students. He is someone who went through this process with us. We placed him with a copywriter from Copy Elite.

Before he was writing all of the copy himself, he was literally maxed out like how I was before. He couldn't take on more clients because he didn't have the freaking time. What happened when we hired these team members for him? He was able to double his income while doing less work.

We placed a copywriter with him. Now the copywriter handles all the copywork. Austria focuses on client strategy and signing new clients with YouTube videos. He doubled his revenue because he could take on more clients, and he's working less because he's not doing all the fulfillment by himself.

So this is very important as well. It's more advanced.

There you go. That's pillar five. If you haven't watched the other four pillars, make sure you go watch those. If you haven't watched the video above these videos, make sure you go watch that. If you guys have any questions, feel free to DM me on Instagram, on SMS if I have already reached out. But, yeah, I will see you guys very soon. Peace out.