# operator pre onboarding final edit (116s)

What up, legend? We're officially a part of the InfoOps LLC consulting now. But with that said, there's just a few more things that we need you to complete before you are officially onboarded. So please watch until the end of this video so we can get you fully set up like the legend you are.

Alright? First things first, we genuinely love to hear some feedback from you as, you know, a student. There's a quick form below that we'd really, really appreciate genuinely if you could just fill it out real quick over the next few minutes. It's gonna ask you a few questions as to how you ended up here in the best hands possible with me and Jacob, why you decided to take action and work with us, and a few more things which will be cool to look back on, you know, when you're scaling, making the money that you wanna make.

You're like, damn. Back then, I was making, you know, five, ten k a month, and I'm making fifty hundred k a month. So that'll be cool to look at. Please go ahead and and look at that, and fill it out to your time on that, please.

Really appreciate it. And Jacob has a few things to say. So, Jacob?

What's goody, legends? So while you guys are filling that out, I just wanna add real quick. After completing the form, you're gonna get invited to our Discord where we host all of our client communication. You're gonna be able to speak to the other students in there, us, have a private chat.

And from there, what we're gonna be doing is you need to go ahead and book in your onboarding call. Please go ahead, join the Discord, book your onboarding call, and we found that our students who book their onboarding call within twenty four to forty eight hours get end up getting the best results faster and even in the long term. So I know you're busy. We're all busy.

But before we can start setting things up to see all your business, we need you to book that call so we can actually understand your situation better, see what clients that you need to get, understand your skill sets, where you're at, and allow you to actually go ahead and grow and scale and make your bag going forward. So set some time aside to complete that after the onboarding form is completed down below. That's all that we have for you guys on this page.

Again, thank you for trusting us with your time and trusting us us as your mentors to help you scale your own business. We're both genuinely excited to have you on board. Let's fucking get it, legend. Let's fucking get it.

Let's get it. Peace. Later.