# operator post onboarding final edit (195s)

What up, legend? Thank you so much for filling out that form genuinely. Helps me and Jacob out a lot. So thank you for taking your time to fill it out.

I appreciate you. We have a few more steps to get you inside the Discord server, onboarded, all that kind of stuff. So first things first, you had just filled out the onboarding form. Again, thank you for that.

So now you should have gotten an email. If you didn't, you probably put in your email wrong so you can text me about that. I can send you the link separately. But, you know, if you don't see it, always check your all mail and your spam.

It's not in there. Text me. But if you do find it, you're all good. So it's gonna say welcome to info ops, your name, next steps inside, and it'll have my name right here.

Okay. So click on this. You can read this message, but the most important part is that you have this little link right here to join the Discord. So click on this.

And then once you click on that, you will be able to join the Discord. Click accept invite, and you're gonna see a few things. You're gonna see, like, the operator chat, announcements, wins, EODs, lounge, stuff like that. But the most important thing for right now is you're gonna see your one on one onboarding ticket.

Okay? And it's gonna look just like this. Hey. Your name. Welcome. And then here's the onboarding step.

So onboarding form, if you haven't already completed it, if you somehow got on the server without completing the form, go ahead and click on here and watch this video and fill out this type form. But if you're in here, you probably fill that out, so don't worry about that.

Next step, though, is going to be scheduling your onboarding call. So after you submit that form, schedule your call with me and Jacob. This is gonna be your onboarding call. We can figure out your situation a little bit more and map out a little plan for you going forward to get the best results as fast as possible. So find a time on here.

If you can't find a time, just DM us inside of your ticket, and we can schedule something else. But if you if you do find one, you're all set. And one thing I do wanna mention is that me and Jacob are onboarding a ton of coaches and clients, like, even students right now as well. There's only two in here right now just because that's the only people that I've invited.

But there's, like, fifteen more that are gonna join, and then, you know, going forward, there's gonna be a ton of people as well. So we always have SMS, WhatsApp, Instagram, email, like, just messages everywhere. And it gets kind of, like, hard to respond just because it's, like, you know, we check all these different platforms and stuff. But we built this system specifically so that we can have an organized and centralized place for communication with our clients and our students.

So if you can just please try and communicate through this Discord channel as much as possible, make sure you, like, tag us, a Jonas or, like, Jacob inside the channels whenever you need help. That will be the easiest, for communication for quicker responses, stuff like that. So please use this for one on one communication. You can always text inside of the chat instead of here.

Say it was good to the boys, stuff like that. But, again, make sure you fill out the form. You probably already have at this point, but then schedule your one on one call and we'll be, ready to rip. So really hyped.

Genuinely, we've helped a lot of students already rip. We've helped a lot of clients rip. And, you know, I'm really hoping that you're locked in because if you take the information and, you know, the SOPs, the systems that me and Jacob have, you take this seriously, you can genuinely change your life because I've done it. Jacob has done it.

Our students have done it. You are next. You just have to put in the work. So genuinely fucking excited for you, bro.

If you're a girl, genuinely excited for you as well. I'll still call you bro, whatever it is. Anyways, let's fucking rip. I'm excited.

Book that call, and I will see you inside. So you have an amazing day. Peace.