Since you landed on this video, you are most likely trying to make a lot more money with your growth operating business. You are probably doing a lot of work inside of the business by yourself and you're not getting paid enough for it.

And you're seeing all these other guys, including myself, make a lot more money with this business model compared to you, and you're wondering why. Why am I not making as much money as these other guys? In this video, I'm glad you landed on this video first of all because I'm going to show you exactly how you can make a lot more money with this business model and work less hours as well by building a real business. No one teaches this. So before I even get into this, into the what is this offer, what is this program, whatever you want to call it, I want to explain who this is not for and who this is for because I don't want you wasting your time watching to the end of this video if this is not for you. So who is this not for?

This is not for people who are just browsing business models. If you are someone that doesn't know what growth operating is and you don't know how it works, please don't watch until the end of this video. Do not book a call. Go watch my other videos first and get a good understanding of what it is first and understand if you even want to do it.

This is not for people who are not ready to go all in because doing this takes some sacrifice. You have to go all in. This is not something that you can do just on the side. You have to have real intention here. So who is this for? This is for growth operators who are already making three thousand to twenty thousand dollars per month.

You've signed clients and you know that you're good at growth operating, but you're just stuck at this level of working your ass off with no clear path to scale to thirty thousand to fifty thousand dollars plus per month consistently. So if that's you, this video is going to show you exactly how we fix that. So what is the agenda for the next fifteen minutes? My promise to you is that in the next fifteen minutes, I'm going to show you exactly how we can help you build a thirty thousand to fifty thousand dollars per month growth operating business with a portfolio of three to seven clients, a team handling fulfillment so you're pretty much out of the business and also systems running in the background so that you are not one client away from being broke and you are not working eighteen hours a day doing everything yourself.

So stick around to the end because I'm going to be walking you through the five step pillar system that makes this whole entire operation possible. Our licensing systems, scaling existing clients, personal brand architecture, direct one on one support, and hiring your team. So who am I? Why am I on this video?

Why am I qualified to be speaking here?

I am actively running an agency that has nine plus coaching clients. I've hit one hundred thousand dollars a month for my agency with the portfolio model, and by building a personal brand, that brings me inbound clients. I haven't done outreach since I saw my first client over a year ago, and that's because I have my personal brand on YouTube and Instagram to bring me clients.

But it was not always like this whatsoever. About a year ago, a little bit over a year ago actually, I found out about all my business and what growth operating was. Growth operating was my first ever business model that I got into.

I knew this is what I wanted to do, so I went all in, bro. I sold my car. I joined a six thousand dollars mentorship, and I literally went completely broke, like two dollars in my bank account, to go all in on this.

And after three months of just grinding outreach, I didn't sign anyone for a whole three months. But on that third month, I finally landed my first client. And as soon as I landed him, the next week, he ditched me. He was like, Yo, I don't want do this.

And that same day, my ex girlfriend at the time, my ex now cheated on me. And I lost everything in one day. It was kind of just a really, really cooked day, And I actually took two weeks off. I was overthinking everything.

I was like, Dude, do I even want to do this anymore? What is the point? Maybe I'll just go to college. Just the doubts kept rolling in.

Two weeks I stopped, and then I got back into it two weeks after because I was like, What the fuck am I thinking, bro? I dropped everything. I put everything into this. I need to keep going.

And that's when I signed my first actual client who actually wanted to do the business model with me. So I paid my dues at this point working sixteen to eighteen hours every single day. My parents thought I was depressed. Was in this room right here just working every single day, every single second of the day.

And I launched a low ticket at this time with this creator. We did two thousand dollars, and I had fifty percent, so I got one thousand dollars off of that, which is super small. But that allowed me, catapulting me forward, in order to sign my next client where we did a high ticket launch, and we did fifteen thousand dollars where I brought home five thousand dollars of that, my first launch.

Using this, I got the proof of concept that I needed. But this is kind of where it got brutal. I started making money. It was pretty cool.

Was getting out of the value of despair a little bit. But for the next six months, I was stuck at five thousand to ten thousand dollars per month for six months working fourteen to eighteen hour days doing everything myself writing the copy, building the funnels, closing the sales, running the ads, literally everything. And it was honestly brutal. Yeah, you might think five to ten ks a month is pretty cool, but fourteen to eighteen hour days, It sucked.

It was not ideal whatsoever.

And the worst part about this too was that I was dependent on one client. If this client left, I was fucked. I was making five thousand ten thousand dollars a month, but it could have dropped instantly if he decided to leave. That's when I realized, was like, This is not it.

This is when I realized that the way that I was running my business was completely cooked. So this is where the old model is lying right now. The traditional growth op model, it keeps operators stuck at five thousand to twenty thousand dollars per month max. This is what I was doing in the beginning.

You sign one or two clients, you do everything for them. It sucks. Copywriting, ads, funnels, sales, back end, doing outreach, making content, finding time to learn skills, and jumping on calls all day long with the sales team, whoever it is, all while your client is harping down on you to scale them even more.

If that client even leaves you, your income goes from fifteen thousand dollars a month to zero overnight. That is not a business. That is a hostage situation, let me tell you that. And so you quite literally find yourself in the opposite of freedom that you were looking for when you first got into online business.

So you're working eight to twelve hours a day, maybe even more, with no time to take on more clients even if you wanted to. That's a problem inside of your business. And deep down you know that you're good, and you see people way less qualified than you make way more money than you, and so you know that your income doesn't match your skill level and that gap is hard to accept. So when I was stuck at that six month plateau, I realized that I needed to completely change how I was running my business, and that's when I discovered the new model.

I wouldn't even say discovered. I would say maybe even founded. The new model is this right here. I shifted from being a solo operator to a portfolio growth business.

Instead of doing everything for one client myself, I build a portfolio of three to seven clients, which now it's at nine clients, but we're constantly upgrading clients and dropping like old ones, which I'll get into.

But upfront payments plus revenue share from all of these clients. Each client pays me.

(used to be three ks, but now it's ten ks minimum) up front to even work with us in the beginning, plus minimum twenty percent revenue share of what we actually make them. As you can see, here's the payments. If one client leaves, you go from fifty thousand dollars a month to forty thousand dollars a month, not twenty thousand dollars a month to zero overnight from one client. And here's the key: I decided not to do all the fulfillment myself.

I hired a VA to handle all the back end work, a copywriter to handle all the copy, and this literally freed up twenty five hours per week. This is my sales team, but I guess I just have pictures of my copywriter and my VA, so just deal with that. This allowed me to only focus on acquiring new clients and scaling existing ones. So I SOP ed all my systems, so I wasn't building from scratch with each new client that I brought in because that's the worst thing ever. And I focused on building a personal brand that brings me in inbound clients, my YouTube and my Instagram. Now, this is how I went from being stuck at five thousand to ten thousand dollars per month with one client for six months to hitting one hundred thousand dollars a month with my agency just by hiring a team and ripping content.

Now with that said, why does this work? This model has maybe more than any other growth operating model out there, and I'm going to explain why right now.

Income diversification. You have actual security. So five clients means real security. You lose one, and you're still good.

Right? It eliminates the anxiety of the desperation that comes with the the one client model. Right? Now team leverage equals scalable income.

I hired a VA, a copywriter, like an actual team, to build a real business, which bought me back twenty five hours per week, which then you can use to scale or sell more clients or even just use as free time to go travel, do whatever you want. I literally can do whatever I want. Can go travel whenever I want now because I have a team in place doing all the work for me, which is way different compared to when I was doing everything myself. I was stuck in my room twenty fourseven.

I could not do anything else.

Now, upfront fees equals cash flow and runway. Each client pays three thousand to ten thousand dollars upfront for immediate cash flow so you can hire your team. If you're just doing revenue share, you have to pay out of pocket to pay your team, which kind of sucks a little bit. So that's why the upfront model works really, really good.

It also filters out serious clients as well, or unserious clients I guess you could say.

If they can't pay up front, they are not the right fit to work with you.

Systems equal speed and efficiency. When you have templatized systems like I have for my business, SOPs for the VA, all templates, literally everything.

You can onboard clients in two hours instead of two days or even two weeks because, again, everything is templatized.

Now rev share stacking equals your income compounds.

So let's say you have six clients all paying the monthly revenue share that you make them.

The more clients you stack, the more your baseline income grows. So let's say you have six clients, five ks a month, seven ks a month, six ks a month, ten ks a month, fifteen ks a month. That's how much you're making from each client.

You make all this money together. Now let's say this client is underperforming and you sign it. It's like a stepping stone. Think about it like this.

You sign one client, you make five ks a month off of them. Using that client, you can then sign a bigger client to make ten ks a month off of them. Then you can sign a bigger client to make twenty k a month off them. Then you drop your five k a month client, and you eventually just get so big, you get a huge snowball effect going to where you're making so much money off of your portfolio clients, and you just drop the old ones that are deadweight.

You can even sell the ones that are deadweight, which is even more money.

Finally, personal brand equals inbound leverage. Clients come to you pre sold if you're posting content, and you have the leverage to charge way higher prices and pick exactly who you want to work with.

They come to me texting me, Yo, I saw your videos. Yo, I want help. Please run my mentorship, bro. They just pay eight thousand dollars ten thousand dollars upfront.

Simple as that. So what are the five pillars? I'm going to show you exactly how we will help you build your growth operating business past thirty thousand to fifty thousand dollars per month profit with systems, your brand, and a team all built, done for you. So here's the five pillar process.

Pillar one, is licensing our systems. You get our entire backend set up Airtable, Go HighLevel, all the automation templates, literally everything. So my tracking system that I sell for five thousand dollars plus to people, you get included inside of this. All the automations with that as well, the payout tracking, literally everything. I have more videos that go more in-depth in this, but I'm gonna keep it very short for now.

Front end SOPs for VSLs, emails, DM scripts, all completely systematized for you. Our proven launch process, seven day quick launch and a twenty four day cohort that's done over three million dollars for our clients.

And our Notion client management system and Discord Blueprint for your team as well. So once you start stacking clients, it's very easy to get unorganized. So we've already been through the trial and error, bro. Don't worry about it. We have literally everything you need order to stay organized for your agency, with clients, with everything you need. We have a whole entire interface for this.

Bottom line, you are getting years of trial and error over one hundred thousand dollars invested into courses and mentorships by me and my business partner Jacob, and millions in client results compressed into systems that you can use from literally day one of working with us.

Pillar number two, you can scale your existing clients first. Before signing new clients, we help you scale the ones you have currently so you can make your investment back within month one. You fill out our detailed onboarding form, which is genuinely the most detailed onboarding form you will have ever filled out inside your entire life. And the reason for that is because we can then go ahead and build out your game plan before you even hop on the call with us and just get moving like super freaking fast.

Okay? So we identify where money is being left on the table and fix it right away. This could be an extra three to ten thousand dollars per month just from your current clients. And we also create a ninety day roadmap for your clients so that they know exactly what's happening and you can execute without constant back and forth between your clients.

Now pillar number three, building your growth off personal brand, which is arguably the most important pillar of this whole entire process. Not all of you guys watching this will end up posting content, I'm not going to lie. Some of you guys will just be scaling your current clients and never really post content, but I believe content is such a huge lever that everyone should be doing.

No, you might not do it, but you should be doing it and I will help you out if you want to do it. But basically, most growth operators don't even post content or they just make it wrong if they are making it. They are making content like coaches teaching tips, which is the wrong approach.

You're selling a service. You are not selling info like you are for your clients. So you need to show results and authenticity, and I will help you create demo videos, case studies, thirty day challenge videos that attract buyers, not just viewers, exactly how I've been able to do for myself. So we will map out your first five videos.

Within these videos, you should sign your first client for two thousand to five thousand dollars plus. And you also get one on one contact calls with me. Every week, contact gets better and more qualified leads reach out. This gives you leverage.

Clients come to you. You charge what you're worth. You pick who you work with. It's an insane model.

You're not outreaching and like, Yo bro, I'll do it for free. They're coming to you bro. You name your price and they're like, Bet. It's like, Yo, it's ten minutes.

Bet bro. It's freaking awesome.

Pillar number four, support from Jake, me, Virgil, Preston, Connor, and even more people. Jake, which is my business partner Jake handles scaling your existing clients and building your agency infrastructure.

I handle your personal brand and content strategy. Virgil handles copy training and places you with a pre trained copywriter from Copy Elite, which is a really good coaching program. Virgil is an amazing copywriter as well.

Preston handles outreach training and helps you sign clients. Connor handles back end training and makes sure your systems are always locked in if you have any problems, whatever it is.

Now you also get six group calls every week: content, scaling call, Q and A call, copy reviews, outreach call, and back end call, plus one on one access when you need specific help on important stuff. And sales training and special guests will be coming in every now and then as well for specific topics like webinars or specific backend tracking system, whatever it is, we will have special guests on that as well.

Pillar number five: hiring and placement. We place a VA and copywriter with you, both pre trained on our systems. VA handles backend, copywriter handles copy, and this saves you again twenty five hours plus per week so that you can use those hours to sign more clients or scale existing clients. And this is how you go from twenty thousand dollars a month to fifty thousand dollars a month to one hundred thousand dollars per month.

You leverage other people's time. You're building an actual business rather than doing everything yourself. We've already vetted these guys for you as well. Train them.

You skip the whole entire hiring headache. Super cool. So with this whole entire system, if you feel like this would help you, that we can help you make a lot more money with your business, I want you to go ahead. There's a calendar below.

You can go ahead and book a call. I will learn about your situation on this call, and if I think that our offer for you is a good fit and that you are a good fit for the program and everything, I'll show you exactly how we can help you scale to thirty to fifty thousand dollars per month. Okay? So, again, go down below, book that call on the calendar, and we'll speak soon.

Peace out.